MANUAL CONNECTIONS

Automatic LAN discovery is removed. Enter the host/server URL manually.
Named/password lobbies and host song/chart/video downloads remain.
The host can select a new song using Change song while in the lobby; everyone
becomes unready and guests download the replacement before readying again.
Use the same updated game/server on every PC (protocol pulse-online-2).
Stop any previous standalone server before starting the updated executable.

PULSE FOUR - LAN AND INTERNET MULTIPLAYER

WHAT IS INCLUDED
Up to four PCs per named, password-protected lobby, one player per PC using
that machine's P1 keys. Each player chooses an instrument and difficulty.
The host starts a shared countdown; each machine judges inputs against its own
audio clock. Live scores are shown beside the highway and in the lobby.
Local shared-keyboard play for one to four players is still available separately.

The updater builds PulseLobby.exe alongside PulseFour.exe. No separate Python
installation is needed to run that compiled server. All PCs need this update.
Internet play requires a reachable server: no public hosted service, automatic
router configuration, global matchmaking or account system is bundled.

LAN HOST
1. Choose the song on the main screen, then Multiplayer / LAN & Internet.
2. Select LAN and leave Start a LAN server on this PC enabled.
3. Enter a lobby name and password, then Create lobby.
4. Allow the lobby server through Windows Firewall for your LAN if prompted.
5. Give friends the LAN server address shown in the lobby, its name and password.
   Use your actual network adapter's address if several addresses are listed.

LAN GUEST
1. Open Multiplayer. You can have any song selected before joining.
2. Enter the host address, such as http://192.168.1.20:27440.
3. Enter the same lobby name and password, then Join lobby.
4. If needed, click Download host's song + chart + video. Wait for verification.
5. Choose your instrument and difficulty, then Ready.
6. The host clicks Start round once at least two players are ready.

HOST SONG DOWNLOADS
Creating a lobby automatically uploads the selected audio, charts and any local
background.ogv video to the lobby server. Guests explicitly click the download
button. A pack without video still works. Each file has a SHA-256 checksum;
the game also verifies the audio/chart fingerprint against the host before
allowing Ready. Failed or cancelled downloads are not installed as songs.
Downloaded packs remain in your local song library for later use.
Use Share / retry song upload if sharing was interrupted.

A raw copy of the demo audio is included in shared-demo/audio.wav so the built-in
demo can be shared from the exported game too. Keep the entire release folder.

INTERNET PLAY
Use the Internet option and enter the reachable lobby server URL.
There are two hosting approaches:
- Run PulseLobby.exe on a publicly reachable Windows server, or run
  python3 server/lobby_server.py --bind 0.0.0.0 --port 27440
  on a server with Python 3.11+.
- Run it on the host PC and forward TCP port 27440 through the router to that
  PC's LAN address, with the corresponding firewall rule. Friends connect to
  http://YOUR-PUBLIC-IP:27440. Router configuration varies; CGNAT may prevent
  inbound connections and require a public server instead.

For encrypted internet connections, use an HTTPS reverse proxy or provide a
valid certificate and key to the standalone server:
  PulseLobby.exe --port 27440 --cert fullchain.pem --key privkey.pem
Friends then use https://YOUR-CERTIFICATE-HOSTNAME:27440.
The certificate must be trusted and match the hostname. HTTP has no transport
encryption; use a lobby-only password there. The server stores password hashes
in memory, does not expose passwords to other players, and does not log bodies.

When using an already-running server, leave Start a LAN server on this PC off
and create/join named lobbies on its URL. One server can host multiple lobbies.
If the game started the local server, closing that game also stops its server.
Run PulseLobby.exe separately if you want it to stay up independently.

DURING A ROUND
The countdown lasts six seconds to give clients time to receive the start.
Hit judgement is local; network latency does not change your input windows.
Audio clocks are aligned at the start, not continually forced onto network
packets. Device drift and video frame-perfect synchronization are not promised.
There is no local pause/restart during a network round. Esc leaves the round.
A player leaving during a round returns the remaining group to the lobby;
the host leaving closes the lobby. The host can also return everyone to the
lobby explicitly. Results stay visible until the next round.
Scores are client-reported for friendly play, not an anti-cheat ranked service.
Personal bests are still saved locally using the existing chart/scoring rules.

LIMITS
Four PCs per lobby. File limits: audio/video 256 MiB each, chart metadata 32 MiB.
The server keeps up to 2 GiB of temporary shared files across its lobbies.
Shared server files are removed when the host leaves or its session expires.
Creating a lobby uploads the host pack to the server. Guests receive files only
after choosing Download. Only audio.wav, song.json and background.ogv transfer.

TESTING
The updater runs two Godot clients against the compiled lobby server and checks
joining, host pack/video upload/download, matching, readiness, scheduled starts,
live scores and leaving. These runtime tests execute on your PC; they have not
been run in the authoring environment. The Python backend was tested locally,
including real HTTP control requests and authenticated binary downloads.
A real connection between separate PCs or through an internet router has not
been verified in the authoring environment.

Reference: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/4.4/classes/class_httprequest.html
